needed functionality
--------------------
o integration with survey
o add interface for editing organizer bio (reinstate organizer-add-2?)
o system doesn't handle multi-day events like 3.x did (?)
o update 3.x documentation!

clean up
--------
o clean up packages and the files that rely on them so they do not ask for redundant info - if we care about this??
  - events-registrations-package-create.sql asks for both user_id and creation_user (we may want this to have staff add somebody - we'll see)
o bring proc namespace declarations inline with new conventions
o decide on party_id vs. user_id then make API consistent
o move parts of event.adp and activity.adp to adp chunks for reuse?
  - look for other similar candidates for template sharing
o convert forms to use ad_form (possibly change pages as well - event-role-ae, etc.)
o check ad_page_contract usage consistency (properties, etc.)
o use related_link_url field in acs_events rather than our own detail_url?
  - move form element to event-ae pages
  - adjust event.new
  - adjust order-one, event-info, activity
  ! acs_event.new doesn't accept related_url arg (even though it's in acs_events) so deal with this later?
  - ask someone on irc to commit changes to plsql interface

wish list
---------
o support for recurring events
o integrate with search (active events only)
o generate rss feed for active events
o integrate with provider-profile to display events a user has attended or is registered for
o integrate usps_abbrev for venues with the ref-zip codes (or whatever else it is called) module so we can enter the state for an event


--
THINGS THAT HAVE BEEN FINISHED
------------------------------
DRB

o remove unnecessary permissions... as it stands we don't need any special permissions (it only relies on read, write and admin)

MICHAEL
o integrate with attachments for agenda upload
o move common queries from *.xql to procs (done?) MATTHEW AGREES THAT THIS IS DONE
o move oracle specific stuff [(+), decode(), etc.] to -oracle.xql files
  - is logical_negation() cross platform? MATTHEW AGREES THAT THIS IS DONE



MATTHEW 
o integrate with bulk-mail for spamming
o implement permissions
NOT DOING THIS AS PER COMMMUNITY CONSENSUS o templating system integration with master template for admin, and some small UI useablility changes
o subsite awareness
o when adding an event, maximum capacity should not be allowed to be higher than the max capacity of that venue - I think we should just leave it like that.
o activity and event check on various pages (i.e., does id exists in db?)
o check that order-one won't serve up past reg_deadline (-validate)
UNNECCESARY?? EVENT_ADD_2 ISN'T USED o more error checking in event-add-2 (deadline > sysdate)
IT IS GOOD ENOUGHo delete unnecessary code (once we are "done") - this way somebody looking at the code won't 
  change one file and not realize that the problem is elsewhere for example:
  - tcl/venue-database.xql I don't think it needs the events::venue::new.new query
FIXED o events page -> "view page users see" broken - event page shows old events (why?)
